[Docs] Docs updates (#14824)
microsoft/onnxruntime: docs/mobile/helpers/index.md

---
title: ORT Mobile Model Export Helpers
descriptions: Helpers to assist with export and usage of models with ORT Mobile
parent: ONNX Runtime Mobile

> nav_order: 1

Author: Added

The ORT Mobile pre-built package only supports the most recent ONNX opsets in order to minimize binary size. Most ONNX models can be updated to a newer ONNX opset using this tool. It is recommended to use the latest opset the pre-built package supports, which is currently opset 15.

> The ONNX opsets supported by the pre-built package are documented [here](../../reference/operators/mobile_package_op_type_support_1.10.md).

Reviewer: link to general mobile package op support page instead of 1.10-specific one?
```suggestion
The ONNX opsets supported by the pre-built package are documented [here](../../reference/operators/MobileOps.md).
```

Author: Updated
